still sorry I'm filming with my iphone
so here I have lots of videos I
lots of pictures so there was more than
class and they stopped like that but
I finished what I did is that
I apply and myrrh nice he
finished mac with my big kabuki lo
and I put on lipstick because
you saw it in the first video
I was in a hurry so I did not
sting my anti rings that co but here
to the extent that I added dream
Caramel moors at this level I have not
light problem in any case I
not find so here is the next video
will be complete and will be for two
parties like ben like this or
like the other from before so I'm
really sorry it will not happen anymore
I hope you like this style
the little smoky that I did is
really a smoky two days it's done
just to bring a little bit of
light and nothing more than the same blush
I like the difficult one as
I like putting lipstick
and so that's how I feel
it's nice it's red
I have represented you a lot
just now the red sephora the
courtesan who is very handsome who
differentiates from the other the classic that
is in my kit to a lipstick
so I really do not want to go
search
and that's all I did not have
other product to introduce you
it's really my daily routine
for my foundation I forgot to
present that too sorry I was in a hurry
it's balmy game not if you see it's
Ben friend is a balm topissime it is
present as his daughter nayla the strawberry
and the more the mouth he's just perfect
you see me I tend to see the
dry mouth but then she is finally me
I find it very well what and I have not
of play no dead chickens or what about
mouth nothing at all so when we
put some lipstick in there hold on and
the street fine hand is so that all
mornings every night is very good
this is all I see there game for
to say goodbye show you ben the
fine look as they say it's pretty
simple I went back and forth the
details
here is the next video it will be rather
one evening I take my makeup
time to do it properly with a
little this word that is everything and that's it
it was all thanks a lot for having
watched and see you next time
goodbye